was one of the figures of colombia the
selection that played the world sub-20 of
2011 and for that reason it lasted little in the city
to make the leap to the sporting of lisbon
in Portugal where he played for three years
to now show your football on the psv
holland eindhoven
the right side antioqueño santiago
arias is 21 years old starts his third
season in European football and that's why
it's not a big surprise in the middle
football fan that is part of the selection
because it always appeared as a good
alternative that became a reality today
unfortunate injury of camilo zúñiga him
opened the possibility of among the 27
concentrated and arrived with the firm option
to be the game in the titular cast
of this Friday against chile in a
personal fight with stefan medina and juan
william square
the arrival has been very good while
also all the companions more than
the most experienced is the youngest and
they have treated me well I think that this is
a very beautiful family both of
players like fans and the union that
I think the opportunity comes first
that has a side is to defend
then try to do it well we pan
and I feel with confidence I feel that I can
do things well if I have the
opportunity and if not also
well it was not so much surprise because
I had an opportunity with the teacher
I knew he would follow up then
the call for me is excellent because
I realize that I am in excellent
level now with the psd been playing
so it is important that the wta follows
active and if I think I'm ready
obviously I know it's a match
important that you have to leave everything but
I'm committed I know what I have to
do and well you have to go out and demonstrate
like football in europe is much more
fast in holland now is happening a
good moment
the payroll he has is much younger
so I think it helps me a lot but
we have to be focused
we know that we are in our house with
our people then we like that
they come to leave everything we have to
leave the same and here the three points